[docs] update README_SRP_SERVER.md (#6935)
openthread/openthread: src/cli/README_SRP_SERVER.md

Usage: `srp server state`

Print the state of the SRP server. It could be `disabled`, `stopped` or `running`.

> - disabled: The SRP server is not enabled yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- disabled: The SRP server is not enabled.
```

> - stopped: The SRP server is enabled but it's not active. It may become active SRP server spontaneously when detecting the lost of some active SRP server in Thread network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- stopped: The SRP server is enabled but not active due to existing SRP servers already active in the Thread network. The SRP server may become active when existing SRP servers are no longer active within the Thread network.
```

> - running: The SRP server is active and it will handle service registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- running: The SRP server is active and will handle service registrations.
```

Usage: `srp server state`

Print the state of the SRP server. It could be `disabled`, `stopped` or `running`.

> disabled: The SRP server is not enabled yet.
> 
> stopped: The SRP server is enabled but it's not active. It may become active SRP server spontaneously when detecting the lost of some active SRP server in Thread network.
> 
> running: The SRP server is active and it will handle service registration.

Reviewer: nit: bulleted list
```suggestion
- disabled: The SRP server is not enabled yet.

- stopped: The SRP server is enabled but it's not active. It may become active SRP server spontaneously when detecting the lost of some active SRP server in Thread network.

- running: The SRP server is active and it will handle service registration.
```
